new concept Richville series high
efficient low-cost innovative tool our
m16 our m16 has got 16 cunning edges
from its octagonal double-sided insert
shape it is very economical against
single sided conventional milling insert
the provider of optimized efficiency and
economy by application our m16 our m16
enables more perfect finishing process
with its wiper insert and be used on
same cutter body insert materializes
various application by signs process
quality of material cutting requirements
appropriate for general milling process
mm chip breaker excellent for light
cutting difficult to cut material
process and that's chip breaker for
ensuring excellent process roughness
wiper chip breaker new bead obtained
prominent process surface by using both
general insert and wiper insert
concurrently
our m16 is an excellent milling tool
materializing the improvement of tool
life and chip discharge by adopting
internal coolant spraying system maximum
5.5 millimeter depth of cut is possible
high effective economical milling tool
our m16 effective for heavy cutting
especially double-sided insert
materializing the reduction of tool cost
by using 16 cutting edge
joyas shape by efficient insert your
breaker
new concept milling tool our m16 it aims
as the customer oriented design